[Music]
in present-day Paris Diana Prince
receives a photographic plate of her
during World War one which prompts her
to recall her past the daughter of Queen
Hippolyta
Diana was raised on the hidden island of
the mascara home to the Amazonian race
of warrior women created by Zeus to
protect mankind
Hippolyta shares the Amazonian history
with Diana including how Ares became
jealous of humanity and worked to
orchestrate its destruction when the
rest of the gods of Mount Olympus
attempted to stop him Ares killed all
but Zeus who managed to hurt Ares enough
to force a retreat
Zeus left the Amazons a weapon of the
god killer to prepare them for Ares
return initially forbidding Diana to
Train Hippolyta agrees to allow her
sister aunt EOP to train Diana as long
as she trains her harder than any other
warrior in the army as a young woman in
1918 Diana rescues American pilot
Captain Steve Trevor
after his plane crashes off the máscaras
coast the island is soon invaded by a
German Cruiser pursuing Steve the
Amazons engage and kill all of the
German sailors but antio be sacrifices
herself to save Diana interrogated with
the lasso of Hestia Steve reveals that a
war is consuming the outside world and
that he is an allied spy he has stolen a
notebook with valuable information from
the Spanish chief chemist Isabel Maru
who was attempting to engineer a
deadlier form of mustard gas under the
orders of general erich ludendorff
believing Ares is responsible for the
war Diana arms herself with the
god-killer sword the lasso and her armor
before leaving the mascara with Steve to
find and destroy Ares arriving in London
the to deliver maru's notebook to the
supreme war council including Sir
Patrick Morgan who is trying to
negotiate an armistice with Germany
diana translates murrow's notes and
reveals that the Germans plan to release
the deadly gas at the waterfront
although forbidden by his commanders to
act Steve with secret funding from Sir
Patrick recruits by Sameer marksman
Charlie and smuggler chief to help
prevent the gas from being released when
the team reaches the Western Front in
Belgium they are halted by the enemy
lines diana pushes alone through
man's land and captures the enemy trench
allowing the Allied forces to help her
liberate the village of veld the team
briefly celebrates while Diana and Steve
grow closer romantically and spend the
night together the team learns a gala
will be held at the nearby German High
Command Steve and Diana each infiltrate
the party he intending to locate the gas
and Australia and she intending to kill
Ludendorff believing he is Ares and the
killing him will end the war
Steve stops her to avoid jeopardizing
the mission Ludendorff then unleashes
the gas on valve killing its inhabitants
outraged and blaming Steve for
intervening Diana pursues Ludendorff to
a base where the gas is being loaded
into a bomber aircraft bound for London
Diana fights and kills Ludendorff but is
confused when his death does not stop
the war Sir Patrick then appears and of
realz himself as Ares he tells Diana
that although he has subtly given humans
ideas and inspirations is ultimately
their decision to cause violence as they
are inherently corrupt when she tries to
kill him with the god-killer sword he
destroys it
revealing diana is the true god killer
as Zeus's daughter but fails to persuade
diana to help him destroy humankind to
restore paradise on earth while a to
battle the rest of steve's team
destroyed murrow's laboratory steve
pilots the bomber carrying the gas to a
safe altitude and detonates it
sacrificing himself in the process Ares
attempts to harness Diana's rage and
grief at Steve's death by convincing her
to kill Moreau but memories of her
experience with Steve caused her to
decide that humans have good within them
she spares Moreau and redirects Aries is
lightning on him killing him later the
team celebrates the end of the war in
the present day diana sends an email to
bruce wayne thanking him for the
photographic plate of her and steve and
reaffirms her mission to protect the
world
[Music]
you